Add Mongo scaler documentation (#343)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.1/scalers/mongoDB.md

+++
title = "mongoDB"
layout = "scaler"
maintainer = "Community"
description = "Scale applications based on mongoDB."
availability = "v2.1+"
go_file = "mongoDB_scaler"
+++

### Trigger Specification

> This specification describes the mongoDB trigger that scales based on result of mongoDB query.

Reviewer: A big nit but can you replace all `mongoDB` with `MongoDB` please? (except for trigger type references of course.

> This specification describes the MongoDB trigger that scales based on result of MongoDB query.

Reviewer: We typically use the trigger type here:
```suggestion
This specification describes the `mongoDB` trigger that scales based on result of MongoDB query.
```

> This specification describes the `mongoDB` trigger that scales based on result of MongoDB query.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This specification describes the `mongodb` trigger that scales based on result of MongoDB query.
```

```yaml
triggers:
  - type: mongoDB
    metadata:
      # Required: database name
      dbName: "test"
      # Required: collection name
      collection: "test_collection"
      # Required: query expr, used by filter data
      query: '{"region":"eu-1","state":"running","plan":"planA"}'
      # Required: according to the number of query result, to scale job
      queryValue: "1"
```

**Parameter list:**

- `dbName`  - Name of the database
- `collection` - Name of the collection

> - `query` - a mongoDB query that should return single numeric value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `query` - A MongoDB query that should return single numeric value
```

> - `queryValue` - a threshold that is used as targetAverageValue in HPA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `queryValue` - A threshold that will define when scaling should occur.
```

To provide information about how to connect to mongoDB you can provide

> - `connectionStringFromEnv` - mongoDB connection string that should point to environment variable with valid value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `connectionStringFromEnv` - A MongoDB connection string that should point to environment variable with valid value
```
